chore: remove mentions of SaaS (#244)
camunda/camunda-docs-cawemo: content/technical-guide/architecture-overview.md

  main:
    identifier: 'architecture-overview'
    parent: 'technical-guide'

>     Pre: 'Get an overview over the software architecture of Cawemo.'

Reviewer: 🔧 Not directly related, but maybe this reads a bit nicer:

```suggestion
    Pre: 'Get an overview of Cawemo's software architecture.'
```
